Updated Wed 19-Feb-92

Directory of selected news and reviews of MsDos files on garbo
==============================================================

Earlier this /pc/pd2 directory at garbo.uwasa.fi contained a
selected set of public domain and shareware programs.  Most of the
programs were obtained from bulletin boards (BBSes) in Finland.

With the changes in 1990 in our archive maintenance the purpose of
this directory was altered.  It is now geared to giving selected
reviews about new acquisitions to our MsDos archives, and answers to
frequently asked questions about garbo archives, and other such
information.  All program packages were deleted in 1990 from /pc/pd2
and were moved to the other directories. 

No liability is accepted for the consequences of using, or the
inability to use, any of the files at the Vaasa University archives.
No absolute guarantees are given that these programs are clean from
nasties, although none have been in evidence.  Please duly observe
shareware rules wherever indicated.

To unpak the packages at our archives use PKUNPAK.EXE, PAK.EXE,
PKUNZIP.EXE, LHA.EXE, ARJ.EXE or ZOO.EXE as indicated by the
extension of each package.  These can be found in the /pc/arcers
directory.  See /pc/pd2/pd2ans###.txt (where ### means a growing
version number) and/or /pc/HELP for additional information. 

Advanced users can find Unix archivers to test or to unpack the
files on their unix hosts from our /unix/arcers directory.

For the descriptions of the files in the /pc/pd2 directory please
see the common MsDos file index, that is /pc/INDEX or /pc/INDEX.ZIP. 

..................................................................
Prof. Timo Salmi
Moderating at garbo.uwasa.fi anonymous ftp archives 128.214.87.1
School of Business Studies, University of Vaasa, SF-65101, Finland
Internet: ts@chyde.uwasa.fi Funet: gado::salmi Bitnet: salmi@finfun
