
srv.000

srv.001
Try to fix the timer thread so that it's more responsive (i.e., late
less often).  Eliminate locking for simple time-of-day call.  Add sys
& vm instrumentation.  Get timer resolution from Mach.

srv.002
Don't clean heap & stack segments before destroying them.  Don't
write-protect a segment before copying it or syncing it.  Fixed bug in
instrumentation for segment copying.  Fixed proc family/signals
deadlock.  Added Vm_Cmd copyin/copyout tests.  Backward compatible
changes for MK73/UX34/USER16.

srv.003
More changes for MK73/UX34/USER16.  Make writeback time for VM
instrumentation cover more of memory_object_data_write.  Misc. bug
fixes.  Add support for migd (but not migration).  Disable exec
redirection.  Fix VmCopySegment to not clean the entire source
segment, just the part that's mapped.

srv.004
Copy the heap and stack using vm_read & vm_write, rather than using
the memory_object interface.  Don't open or create swap files unless
necessary.  Fix yet another race in procExit.c.  Use Vm_MakeAccessible
instead of Vm_CopyIn to get arg and env strings for exec().  (There
was a bug in the copyin-based version.)  Don't keep the PCB locked so
long in Proc_NewProc.  (This is necessary to avoid a deadlock with the
change to use Vm_MakeAccessible.)

srv.005
Comments about registering user processes with the MachID server.

srv.006
Fix processing of the FS_ZERO_STATS FS command.

srv.007 
Freeze the process's thread when it exits, so that it won't run after
the reply message is destroyed.  Fix some memory leaks. Investigated
and discarded the following perf fixes:
- raising the priority of the network input thread
- using memory_object_data_unavailable instead of bzeroing the page
  and returning it (w/ memory_object_data_provided).

srv.008
Instrumentation for VM read/write requests and for Proc_ServerProcs.

srv.009
Support for sticky segments.  (Hacky) instrumentation for exec().

srv.010
Fixes for rpcecho benchmark: (1) fix Test_Rpc to make the destination
read/write instead of write-only; (2) don't croak if Vm_MakeAccessible
gets zero byte count.

srv.011
Fix RpcOutput: had backwards the asynch argument to Net_Output for
fragmented RPCs.  Raise the priority of the Sprite packet filter.
Neither of these seems to buy much, unfortunately.

srv.012
Fix bug in Vm_MakeAccessible that would cause crashes when running
the "copyin -out" benchmark.

srv.013
Performance improvements for copyin/copyout.  Make the priority of the
Sprite packet filter somewhat lower, but still higher than it was
originally.

srv.014
Add new Exec stub that passes environment and argument strings in the
MIG message.

srv.015
Bug fixes for sticky segments: destroy the segment when it no longer
contains any pages; don't keep the backing file open when the segment
is not in used.

srv.016
Use the inband device interface for small ethernet packets.  Always
use the asynchronous ("mumble_request") interface for sending packets.

srv.017
IO_INBAND_MAX is now 300.

srv.018
Avoid going to the file system to satisfy target page faults when
copying a heap or stack segment.

srv.019
More VM instrumentation.

srv.020
Temporary FS & VM instrumentation.

srv.021
Count number of times VmAddrRegion has to force segment to be
initialized.

srv.022
Don't include Sys_ReplyAndFree in the per-call system call timings.
Add in/out byte counts to Net_GenStats.

srv.023
More temporary VM instrumentation.

srv.024
Break pager stats down according to segment type.  Also try to
estimate how much you lose by destroying and recreating the heap and
stack at exec() time.

srv.025
Hack instrumentation for delays waiting for the data_request buffer.

srv.026
Estimate the number of pages that had to be faulted back in because
the heap and stack get destroyed/recreated at exec().

srv.027
Fix RPC histogram code to correctly bucket times of at least 1
second.

srv.028
Record how much time each flavor of Sprite call spends in
copyin/copyout.

srv.029
Temp instrumentation to find how much time is spent in VmAddrParse.

srv.030
Add support for inband copyin/copyout perf tests.  Fix exec code to
get the arguments right for shell scripts.

srv.031
Add Test calls to track down Sprite call overhead.
